Add tests for adding minimal_renewable_share (#742)
rl-institut/multi-vector-simulator: CHANGELOG.md

- Add the new parameter `scenario_description` to input files and docs and a section in autoreport describing the scenario being simulated (#722)
- Add a new sub-section in RTD describing the suite of post-simulation tests carried out through functions in E4_verification.py (#753)
- Add KPI individual sectors to the report (#757)

> - Added pytests for the minimal renewable share constraint of function 'D2.add_constraints()' (#742)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added pytests for the minimal renewable share constraint of function `D2.add_constraints()` (#742)
```

> - Added tests in tests_D2_model_constraints.py for the function adding the minimal renewable share constraint in D2_model_constraints.py (#742)

Reviewer: Please name the function here and also add the test function name to the docstring of the function.

Author: Done
